Of course Winsome Bluebird doesn't really whistle off the snow, but
after he comes, the snow disappears so fast that it seems as if he
did. It is surprising what a difference a little good news makes. Of
course nothing had really changed that first day when Winsome
Bluebird's whistle was heard on the Green Meadows and in the Green
Forest, but it seemed as if everything had changed. And it was all
because that sweet whistle was a promise, a promise that every one
knew would come true. And so there was joy in all the hearts on the
Green Meadows and in the Green Forest. Even grim old Granny Fox felt
it, and as for Reddy Fox, why, Reddy even shouted good-naturedly to
Peter Rabbit and hoped he was feeling well.

And then gentle Sister South Wind arrived. She came in the night, and
in the morning there she was, hard at work making the Green Meadows
and the Green Forest ready for Mistress Spring. She broke the icy
bands that had bound the Smiling Pool and the Laughing Brook so long;
and the Smiling Pool began to smile once more, and the Laughing Brook
to gurgle and then to laugh and finally to sing merrily.

She touched the little banks of snow that remained, and straightway
they melted and disappeared. She kissed the eight babies of Unc' Billy
Possum, and they kicked off the bedclothes under which old Mrs. Possum
had tucked them and scrambled out of the big hollow tree to play.

She peeped in at the door of Johnny Chuck and called softly, and
Johnny Chuck awoke from his long sleep and yawned and began to think
about getting up. She knocked at the door of Digger the Badger, and
Digger awoke. She tickled the nose of Striped Chipmunk, who was about
half awake, and Striped Chipmunk sneezed and then he hopped out of bed
and hurried up to his doorway to shout good morning after her, as she
hurried over to see if Bobby Coon was still sleeping.

Peter Rabbit followed her about. He couldn't understand it at all.
Peter had smiled to himself when he heard how softly she had called at
the doorway of Johnny Chuck's house, for many and many a time during
the long winter Peter had stopped at Johnny Chuck's house and shouted
down the long hall at the top of his voice without once waking Johnny
Chuck. Now Peter nearly tumbled over with surprise, as he heard Johnny
Chuck yawn at the first low call of gentle Sister South Wind.
