The three boys sat about a heaped, confused collection of ammunition,
cooking-utensils, rifles, and camp "duffle" in general, one evening
late in May.  The eldest of the group, a sunny-faced, clear eyed lad
of about sixteen, held in his hand a notebook from which he called out
the inventory of the articles piled about him as his brother, a youth
of fourteen, sorted them out.  The third member of the trio was a
short, stocky chap of possibly seventeen, with sharp, blue eyes that
gleamed behind a pair of huge spectacles.  He was examining a camera
with care; from time to time turning his attention to an open notebook
that lay beside him in which he was supposed to be entering the list
as the other called it off.

The place where the boys were busying themselves was the upper floor
of a large garage in the rear of the Chester residence, on Madison
Avenue, New York City, which had been turned into a workshop for the
two young Chesters--Frank and Harry--already well known to our
readers as The Boy Aviators.  The well set-up lad who was so
industriously calling off the equipment that lay scattered about was
Frank Chester, and the ready classifier of the mixed-up outfit was
Harry, his younger brother.  The third member of the group was Billy
Barnes, the young reporter, already down to us as the chronicler of
the Chester boys' adventures in Nicaragua and the depths of the
Everglades of Florida.  Since the boys' return from Florida on the
U. S. torpedo boat, the Tarantula, they had been busy putting into
shape the rough working plans of the African hunting expedition they
had planned as a sort of vacation.

The ample bonus the government had awarded them for their singularly
clever work in rescuing Lieutenant Chapin, the inventor of
Chapinite, by their aeroplane Golden Eagle II, had supplied them
with ample funds for their trip.  As for Billy Barnes (or "Our
Special Staff Correspondent, William Barnes," as he was now known),
besides the sum realized from the sale of the rubies the boys found
in the Quesal Cave in Nicaragua, the money the youthful scribe had
made on writing up the boys' Florida adventures had provided him
with a good fat nest-egg.

The natural stimulus given to the red-blooded Chester boys by Mr.
Roosevelt's hunting adventures had a good deal to do, with their
resolution to go to Africa.  And now--after several weeks of work on
getting together as good an outfit as was procurable--they were
putting what Billy called "the finishing touches" on their
accoutrements.  Stacked in corners of the room were big chests
painted blue and marked with the boys' names and neatly numbered in
white painted characters.  These cases contained the different
sections of the Golden Eagle II, the aeroplane equipped with
wireless, that had made history in Florida.

There were twenty of these cases besides the ones labeled "Camp
Outfit," "Medical," "Armory Chest," "Grub Chest," and several
nondescript ones containing the odds and ends that an expedition of
the kind they planned would find indispensable.  In some smaller
boxes also were packed yards and yards of bright-colored cloth and
calico, spangles, cheap jewelry and brass ornaments for use among
the natives.  In making up their outfit the boys had taken the
advice of a well-known African traveler who had retired from his
adventurous life to purchase a place in New Jersey, where he
intended to spend his remain days.  Through a mutual friend the boys
obtained an introduction to him and his advice in selecting the
outfit had been simply invaluable.


"Go easy, carry lots of quinine, don't waste ammunition, and count
ten before you pick a quarrel with a native," had been his simply
laid-down rules for getting along in Africa, and these rules the
boys had determined to adhere to strictly.
