Smilingly making their way through the enthusiasts who swept down on
them, Frank and Harry Chester, the Boy Aviators, who had just
concluded a tuning up flight for the Hempstead Plains Cup--the contest
for which was to take place in a week's time--entered the shed and,
making their way to a screened-off room in the corner, shed their
leather coats and woolen caps and removed the grime from their hands
and faces. Their mechanics, in the meantime, had shoved the Eagle into
the shed and closed the doors on the horde of the inquisitive.

The boys' flight had taken place above the aviation grounds of the
Aeronautic Society, situated at Mineola, on Long Island, a few miles
outside New York city. For several days they, and several others who
had announced their intention of competing for the coveted Hempstead
Plains Cup, had been making flights that had attracted vast crowds
from the metropolis and filled the papers with air-ship news. The city
was aviation mad.

The wide sweep of green flats was dotted at the end where the town
encroached upon it with the sheds in which were housed the different
aerial craft that were to take part in the great contest. Some of them
had tents snuggled closely up to them in which the machinists, and
others employed on them, made their temporary homes. Some were
elaborate structures of galvanized iron, carefully fireproofed and
covered with notices warning against smoking; others, again, were
plain, hastily erected wooden structures. The Boy Aviators' shed was
one of the latter, for they had returned from their adventures in
Africa only a short time before this story opens.

In that far-off country, as told in "The Boy Aviators in Africa; or,
an Aerial Ivory Trail," they had outwitted a wicked old man named
Luther Barr, who tried to steal from them the ivory that they had
recovered from the grip of an Arab slave-dealer. In Luther Barr's
yacht, which they had acquired in a surprising manner, they had
brought the ivory back to America and saved Mr. Beasley, the father of
their chum, Lathrop Beasley, from financial ruin. After a short rest,
they had announced that they would contest for the Hempstead Plains
Cup. There was an interval of impatient waiting and then the freight
steamer, which carried the Golden Eagle II from Africa, arrived safely
and the work of setting the biplane up for the great contest had been
at once begun.

The boys' first craft, The Golden Eagle, had been destroyed in a
tropical storm in which they were blown to sea, as described in Volume
One of this series: "The Boy Aviators in Nicaragua; or, Leagued With
The Insurgents." The Golden Eagle II was the same craft in which,
besides their African adventures, they had accomplished the dangerous
mission for the Government, with the details of which our readers
became conversant in "The Boy Aviators on Secret Service; or, Working
with Wireless."

Their hasty toilet completed, the boys donned street clothes of neat
fit and pattern and hastened to an automobile, halted at the roadside,
in which their father and mother were seated. The two lads, as they
leaned against the side of the car and chatted, made a pleasant
picture of vigorous, adventurous youth. The eldest, Frank, was a
little over sixteen, Harry, the younger boy, was about two years his
junior. Both lads had crisp, curly hair and frank, blue eyes. Their
faces were tanned to a dark tinge by their African trip.
